Hack The Box

This pentester training platform/lab is full of machines (boxes) to hack on the different difficulty level. Majority of the content generated by the community and released on the website after the staff's approval. Besides boxes users also can pick static challenges or work on advanced tasks like Fortress or Endgame.

    Hack The Box link

Vulnhub

We all learn in different ways: in a group, by yourself, reading books, watching/listening to other people, making notes or things out for yourself. Learning the basics & understanding them is essential; this knowledge can be enforced by then putting it into practice.

Over the years people have been creating these resources and a lot of time has been put into them, creating 'hidden gems' of training material. However, unless you know of them, its hard to discover them.

So VulnHub was born to cover as many as possible, creating a catalogue of 'stuff' that is (legally) 'breakable, hackable & exploitable' - allowing you to learn in a safe environment and practice 'stuff' out. When something is added to VulnHub's database it will be indexed as best as possible, to try and give you the best match possible for what you're wishing to learn or experiment with.

    Vulnhub Repository

CTF Write Ups

    CTF Resources
    A general collection of information, tools, and tips regarding CTFs and similar security competitions.

    CTF write-ups 2016
    Wiki-like CTF write-ups repository, maintained by the community. (2015)

    CTF write-ups 2015
    Wiki-like CTF write-ups repository, maintained by the community. (2015)

    CTF write-ups 2014
    Wiki-like CTF write-ups repository, maintained by the community. (2014)

    CTF write-ups 2013
    Wiki-like CTF write-ups repository, maintained by the community. (2013)

CTF Repos

    captf
    This site is primarily the work of psifertex since he needed a dump site for a variety of CTF material and since many other public sites documenting the art and sport of Hacking Capture the Flag events have come and gone over the years.

    shell-storm
    The Jonathan Salwan's little corner.

SecurityTube Playlists

Security Tube hosts a large range of video tutorials on IT security including penetration testing , exploit development and reverse engineering.

    SecurityTube Metasploit Framework Expert (SMFE)
    This video series covers basics of Metasploit Framework. We will look at why to use metasploit then go on to how to exploit vulnerbilities with help of metasploit and post exploitation techniques with meterpreter.

    Wireless LAN Security and Penetration Testing Megaprimer
    This video series will take you through a journey in wireless LAN (in)security and penetration testing. We will start from the very basics of how WLANs work, graduate to packet sniffing and injection attacks, move on to audit infrastructure vulnerabilities, learn to break into WLAN clients and finally look at advanced hybrid attacks involving wireless and applications.

    Exploit Research Megaprimer
    In this video series, we will learn how to program exploits for various vulnerabilities published online. We will also look at how to use various tools and techniques to find Zero Day vulnerabilities in both open and closed source software.

    Buffer Overflow Exploitation Megaprimer for Linux
    In this video series, we will understand the basic of buffer overflows and understand how to exploit them on linux based systems. In later videos, we will also look at how to apply the same principles to Windows and other selected operating systems.

Open Security Books
Crypto 101 - lvh

Comes with everything you need to understand complete systems such as SSL/TLS: block ciphers, stream ciphers, hash functions, message authentication codes, public key encryption, key agreement protocols, and signature algorithms. Learn how to exploit common cryptographic flaws, armed with nothing but a little time and your favorite programming language. Forge administrator cookies, recover passwords, and even backdoor your own random number generator.

    Crypto101
    LaTeX Source

A Graduate Course in Applied Cryptography - Dan Boneh & Victor Shoup

This book is about constructing practical cruptosystems for which we can argue security under plausible assumptions. The book covers many constructions for different tasks in cryptography. For each task we define the required goal. To analyze the constructions, we develop a unified framework for doing cryptographic proofs. A reader who masters this framework will capable of applying it to new constructions that may not be covered in this book. We describe common mistakes to avoid as well as attacks on real-world systems that illustratre the importance of rigor in cryptography. We end every chapter with a fund application that applies the ideas in the chapter in some unexpected way.

    A Graduate Course in Applied Cryptography

Security Engineering, A Guide to Building Dependable Distributed Systems - Ross Anderson

The world has changed radically since the first edition of this book was published in 2001. Spammers, virus writers, phishermen, money launderers, and spies now trade busily with each other in a lively online criminal economy and as they specialize, they get better. In this indispensable, fully updated guide, Ross Anderson reveals how to build systems that stay dependable whether faced with error or malice. Here?s straight talk on critical topics such as technical engineering basics, types of attack, specialized protection mechanisms, security psychology, policy, and more.

    Security Engineering, Second Edition

Reverse Engineering for Beginners - Dennis Yurichev

This book offers a primer on reverse-engineering, delving into disassembly code-level reverse engineering and explaining how to decipher assembly language for those beginners who would like to learn to understand x86 (which accounts for almost all executable software in the world) and ARM code created by C/C++ compilers.

    Reverse Engineering for Beginners
    LaTeX Source

CTF Field Guide - Trail of Bits

The focus areas that CTF competitions tend to measure are vulnerability discovery, exploit creation, toolkit creation, and operational tradecraft.. Whether you want to succeed at CTF, or as a computer security professional, you'll need to become an expert in at least one of these disciplines. Ideally in all of them.

    CTF Field Guide
    Markdown Source

Challenges

    Reverse Engineering Challenges

    Matasano Crypto Challenges

Documentation
OWASP - Open Web Application Security Project

The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) is a 501(c)(3) worldwide not-for-profit charitable organization focused on improving the security of software. Our mission is to make software security visible, so that individuals and organizations worldwide can make informed decisions about true software security risks.

    Open Web Application Security Project

Applied Crypto Hardening - bettercrypto.org

This guide arose out of the need for system administrators to have an updated, solid, well re-searched and thought-through guide for configuring SSL, PGP,SSH and other cryptographic tools in the post-Snowdenage. Triggered by the NSA leaks in the summer of 2013, many system administrators and IT security officers saw the need to strengthen their encryption settings.This guide is specifically written for these system administrators.

    Applied Crypto Hardening
    LaTeX Source

PTES - Penetration Testing Execution Standard

The penetration testing execution standard cover everything related to a penetration test - from the initial communication and reasoning behind a pentest, through the intelligence gathering and threat modeling phases where testers are working behind the scenes in order to get a better understanding of the tested organization, through vulnerability research, exploitation and post exploitation, where the technical security expertise of the testers come to play and combine with the business understanding of the engagement, and finally to the reporting, which captures the entire process, in a manner that makes sense to the customer and provides the most value to it.

    Penetration Testing Execution Standard

Related Awesome Lists

    Awesome Pentest
    A collection of awesome penetration testing resources, tools and other shiny things.

    Awesome Appsec
    A curated list of resources for learning about application security.

    Awesome Malware Analysis
    A curated list of awesome malware analysis tools and resources.

    Android Security Awesome
    A collection of android security related resources.

    Awesome CTF
    A curated list of CTF frameworks, libraries, resources and softwares.

    Awesome Security
    A collection of awesome software, libraries, documents, books, resources and cools stuffs about security.

    Awesome Honeypots
    A curated list of awesome honeypots, tools, components and much more.

    Awesome Incident Response
    A curated list of tools and resources for security incident response, aimed to help security analysts and DFIR teams.

    Awesome Threat Intelligence
    A curated list of awesome Threat Intelligence resources.

    Awesome PCAP Tools
    A collection of tools developed by other researchers in the Computer Science area to process network traces.

    Awesome Forensics
    A curated list of awesome forensic analysis tools and resources.

    Awesome Hacking
    A curated list of awesome Hacking tutorials, tools and resources.

    Awesome Industrial Control System Security
    A curated list of resources related to Industrial Control System (ICS) security.

    Awesome Web Hacking
    This list is for anyone wishing to learn about web application security but do not have a starting point.

    Awesome Sec Talks
    A curated list of awesome Security talks.

    Awesome YARA
    A curated list of awesome YARA rules, tools, and people.

    Sec Lists
    SecLists is the security tester's companion. It is a collection of multiple types of lists used during security assessments. List types include usernames, passwords, URLs, sensitive data grep strings, fuzzing payloads, and many more.
